Updating red colour for errors (#676)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

- Removed min-width from `FormLayout` `Items` and applying it only to `Items` used inside a `FormLayout.Group` ([#650](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/650))

> - Updated InlineError, borders on our form fields and the Error Icon to be the same red. ([#676](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/676))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the red used on the `InlineError` text, the error borders on form fields and the error Icon, to be dark red. ([#676](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/676))
```
